Primo instructions the boring half. (#80)
V1EngineeringInc/V1EngineeringInc-Docs: docs/mpcnc/tops.md

# Corner Tops and Rails

> Click on the images to embiggen.

Reviewer: I've never been a big fan of this at the top of the pages. It just seems pretty obvious to me. I had to say it once, I'll be quiet about it now.

___

## Tops
![!Corner top parts](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/TopParts-scaled.jpg){: width="400"}

* You will need the printed Corner Top and Corner Top Mirrored parts
* M5 screws and nuts
* All 4 X and Y rails
* Truck assemblies from previous step
* \#2 Screwdriver

___

## Layout
![!Primo layout](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/XYDiagram-scaled.jpg){: width="400"}

* Use this picture to orient the Trucks and sort out your X and Y rails
* You do not need the Gantry rails at this point, they are just in this picture to clarify the position of the trucks.

> ![!MPCNC stationary bearings](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Rails-scaled.jpg){: width="400"}

Reviewer: How are these not tipping over? Looks like you got the tension right.

* Add the tops.

> * Pay close atention to the belt slides they should be on the oppsite rails of the corner bottom parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pay close attention to the belt slides they should be on the opposite rails of the corner bottom parts.
```

> * With all the captured nuts you should prethread the screws at least once to loosen the lock nuts up a bit to not destroy the printed parts.

Reviewer: Here's that same possible tip.

* Add the screws and nuts and lightly seat them all. 

![!MPCNC stationary bearings](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Gap-scaled.jpg){: width="400"}

* Notice the even gap in the corner pieces. They all should have this.
* Slightly snug down the screws evenly, leaving an even gap on all sides. 
* Snug means the rails will still be able to rotate if you try. You should feel some resistance though.

> * Do not overtighten these screws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not over tighten these screws.
```

!!! Caution

>     The corner parts are the most commonly over tightened and broken pieces on both CNC's. There is absolutley no need. You can always add tension if there was a problem but cracking a part requires printing or buying a new one. ***Remeber, there is no need to stop the rails from rotating***. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The corner parts are the most commonly over tightened and broken pieces on both CNC's. There is absolutely no need. You can always add tension if there was a problem but cracking a part requires printing or buying a new one. ***Remember, there is no need to stop the rails from rotating***. 
```

___

## Truck Squaring
![!MPCNC stationary bearings](https://www.v1engineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Truck-squaring.png){: width="400"}

* New to the Primo Version, before moving on it is best to square your trucks.
* Clamp in your Gantry rails.
* Move the axis around to settle it.
* Measure from the trucks on the same axis to either corner. (yellow Arrow)

> * Now you can move the trucks by very slighlty tightening the tension bolts, start small try 1/16th of a turn. (green arrows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now you can move the trucks by very slightly tightening the tension bolts, start small try 1/16th of a turn. (green arrows)
```
